readme.md, before:

# ASPIRE DEMO API for LOANS 
## Created using Laravel LUMEN Micro-services BY C. LALRINFELA

## INSTALLATION
    1. composer install
    2. rename .env.example to .env
    3. visit /key routes and copy the 32 characters string to .env


## CREATE NEW USER
    1. POST: /register with params as follows
        [
            'legal_name' => 'C. Lalrinfela',
            'email' =>  'rinfelc@gmail.com',
            'looking_for' => 'personal loan',
            'singapore_residents' => 0
        ]

    2. Copy the return id of the new user created for loan application


## LOAN APPLICATION
    1. POST: /apply-loan with params as follows
        [
            'user_id' => 1 //The user id returned from register
            'amount' => 10000
            'duration' => 12 // 12 Months
        ]

    Note: By default, all loans have status active, unless the current loan of the user is marked 'completed', the same user cannot avail another loan. This is prevent from validation.


## LOAN REPAYMENT
    1. POST: /repay-loan with params as follows
        [
            'loan_id' => 1 //The loan id return from apply-loan
            'amount' => 1200
            'payment_type' => 'In Cash' // In Cash, Cheque, Online (default)
        ]
    Note: The system should block for repayment of loan that is already completed.

Commit message:

update readme for database entry

readme.md, after:

# ASPIRE DEMO API for LOANS 
## Created using Laravel LUMEN Micro-services BY C. LALRINFELA

## INSTALLATION
    1. composer install
    2. rename .env.example to .env
    3. visit /key routes and copy the 32 characters string to .env
    4. create database and update the env file respectively


## CREATE NEW USER
    1. POST: /register with params as follows
        [
            'legal_name' => 'C. Lalrinfela',
            'email' =>  'rinfelc@gmail.com',
            'looking_for' => 'personal loan',
            'singapore_residents' => 0
        ]

    2. Copy the return id of the new user created for loan application


## LOAN APPLICATION
    1. POST: /apply-loan with params as follows
        [
            'user_id' => 1 //The user id returned from register
            'amount' => 10000
            'duration' => 12 // 12 Months
        ]

    Note: By default, all loans have status active, unless the current loan of the user is marked 'completed', the same user cannot avail another loan. This is prevent from validation.


## LOAN REPAYMENT
    1. POST: /repay-loan with params as follows
        [
            'loan_id' => 1 //The loan id return from apply-loan
            'amount' => 1200
            'payment_type' => 'In Cash' // In Cash, Cheque, Online (default)
        ]
    Note: The system should block for repayment of loan that is already completed.
